Add more statement attributes to explain plan result. (#14391)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql-translation.md

EXPLAIN PLAN statements return:
- a `PLAN` column that contains a JSON array of native queries that Druid will run
- a `RESOURCES` column that describes the resources used in the query

> - a `ATTRIBUTES` column that describes the attributes of a query. Attributes include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- an `ATTRIBUTES` column that describes the attributes of the query, including:
```

]
```

> Now consider the following EXPLAIN PLAN for a `REPLACE` query that replaces all the data in the `wikipedia` datasource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 2: EXPLAIN PLAN for a `REPLACE` query that replaces all the data in the `wikipedia` datasource:
```

Should we do something more formal here, like numbering the examples or something?

Author: Good point, done

```sql
EXPLAIN PLAN FOR
REPLACE INTO wikipedia
OVERWRITE ALL
SELECT
  TIME_PARSE("timestamp") AS __time,
  namespace,
  cityName,
  countryName,
  regionIsoCode,
  metroCode,
  countryIsoCode,
  regionName
FROM TABLE(
    EXTERN(
      '{"type":"http","uris":["https://druid.apache.org/data/wikipedia.json.gz"]}',
      '{"type":"json"}',
      '[{"name":"timestamp","type":"string"},{"name":"namespace","type":"string"},{"name":"cityName","type":"string"},{"name":"countryName","type":"string"},{"name":"regionIsoCode","type":"string"},{"name":"metroCode","type":"long"},{"name":"countryIsoCode","type":"string"},{"name":"regionName","type":"string"}]'
    )
  )
PARTITIONED BY HOUR
CLUSTERED BY cityName
```

> The EXPLAIN PLAN returns the following result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above EXPLAIN PLAN returns the following result:
```
